[Docs] Updated adapter docs (#1614)
layer5io/meshery: docs/_adapters/istio/istio.md

### SMI Conformance Capability 

> Meshery allows you to analogize the compliance status and feature capabilities of your service mesh. This allows users to easily compare and contrast functional differences between service meshes and check whether their service mesh is conformant with the SMI specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meshery allows you to analyze the compliance status and functional capabilities of your service mesh. This allows you to compare high-level functional differences between service meshes and verify whether your service mesh is conformant with the SMI specification.
```

Reviewer: @chandrashritii

> Learn more about the SMI specification and our conformance testing practices [here.](https://meshery.layer5.io/docs/functionality/smi-conformance)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about the SMI specification and [Meshery's conformance test suite](https://meshery.layer5.io/docs/functionality/smi-conformance).
```

Reviewer: @chandrashritii these changes need propagated to the other adapters, too.
